Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
We're betting 1,000 yen.
We definitely can't lose this game!
Ambush!
Don't mess with Sergeant Saunders.
Kuji, what are you looking at?
Oh, no. Nothing.
Well, Onizuka is goofing off
with them again.
Come to think of it, I've heard
a rumor that you like Murai a lot.
Really?
It's just a rumor...
That's for sure.
He's got to be much taller
to be with you, Kuji.
I didn't mean
you're big or anything...
Sounds like you meant it that way.
Don't you think, Kuji?
You..!
You need another 10 years
to catch up with me. Come on.
They are so stupid.
Crap!
Man, I wish
we didn't lose the game...
But we can't goof off forever...
...otherwise we'll be like him.
No girlfriend for 22 years.
I want to avoid that!
I want a girlfriend soon.
What's this?
What are you doing
with that letter?
Hey, hey, hey. It may be...
Oh, wow! This is a love letter.
A love letter!
Give it back to me!
Who is it from?
How do I know?
Give it back to me!
Can't breathe..!
We're friends, aren't we?
Let us see it.
Shut up!
"Dear Kunio Murai, I am writing you
for the first time..."
Onizuka!
You!
When did you take it from me?
Well, well, well.
This is what I call a love letter!
I can smell something nice...
so lovely...
Don't look at it!
And don't smell it!
FROM "F" IN CLASS 2
Who does this initial "F,"
from Class 2, belong to?
Let's see.
A girl with the initial "F"...
Keiko Fujikura.
She has a boyfriend.
"F," "F"... Megumi Fukuyama.
She stopped coming to school
a long time ago.
Fujita!
No way.
Akane Fujita was voted as...
...one of the three cutest girls
at the prom last year.
That girl? I voted for her, too!
What are you talking about?
She likes me? It'll never happen.
Coming from Class 2, it could be
from a freshman or a junior.
You're blushing even as you speak.
Here you go.
Akane...
Oh, no. Akane.
Sooorry.
I want to protect her.
I can't believe she likes me.
Do you want me to ask her?
Idiot. Stop it! She may not like me.
Or she may, Murai.
What's with the costume?
He's going to be a matchmaker.
Matchmaker?
My student's got a girlfriend.
I'm the teacher,
I can't just leave it like this.
Just count on me.
Everything will be all right.
Akane Fujita!
Hey. Yoo-hoo! Over here.
He's an immoral guy,
but I want to introduce him to you!
NICE TO MEET YOU
(Nyce ta meet ya)
Not immoral, but imperfect!
It's none of your business.
Do something for yourself
if you have so much time.
No wonder you haven't had
a girlfriend for 22 years.
How could you say
that to me, huh?!
Akane!
I can give you some advice.
Nothing good will come
from dating him.
It's a secret,
but he has a mother complex.
Shit. How can you call yourself
a matchmaker?
Shut up! You're too young
to go out with a girl...
...before your teacher
has a girlfriend!
What's that?
I don't know.
I guess she's not the one.
So who is it?
Damn, everything
is Onizuka's fault.
Murai...
Oh, Kujirakawa. What's up?
She's huge. Who is she?
She's Kujirakawa,
the legend from Class 2.
Haven't you read the letter?
What? Letter?
Kujirakawa is the "F"?
Don't get me wrong. It's not me.
I'm just helping.
Got a minute?
Oh, yeah.
What did you think of the letter?
Be serious.
She's waiting for your answer.
But I have no idea
who this "F" is.
Can't you tell me who she is?
It doesn't matter.
It's about how you feel.
You don't know whether you
would like her or not, isn't that it?
After that kind of letter.
But who is the girl?
I'll tell you her name
if you tell me how you feel.
That's not fair.
Hey, Kujirakawa.
Can't you make up your mind, man?
Whatever.
Wait, Kujirakawa.
Why did you go down there?
Doesn't matter. Well, think about it.
I'll ask you again later.
Hey, Kujirakawa!
Why is she like that?
Kuji!
Go, Kuji!
Wow!
Kujirakawa's made a dunk shot.
She's 5'10" and weighs 150 pounds.
She is so athletic
that a few schools are scouting her.
But she turns down all offers.
She belongs to a Manga club here.
Manga? What's up with that?
She's weird.
Come to think of it, Kujirakawa's first
name starts with "F" for Fuyumi.
Do you remember?
When we were freshmen...
...some guys in her class
were teasing her at the entrance.
Despite her size...
...she wouldn't fight back,
she just cried.
Huge! She's a freshman
and wears a size 10!
Here's a kick
from the Giant Kujirakawa!
I've never seen a shoe this big.
Don't be so brutal.
Give them back to her!
What?
Who is he?
Now I remember!
After all, they beat up Murai.
Shut up!
Since then, I heard a rumor
that Kujirakawa likes you.
That's an old story.
But it could be she's the one
who wrote the letter.
I guess it's impossible.
The famous giant's been thinking
about you for two years.
Just kidding.
That's scary.
She's popular among the girls.
But most guys are scared away
because she's so big.
AH! PRINCE WILLIAM...
Who is "F"?
Akane!
It's a joke.
Onizuka!
- So, what's going on?
- What?
I mean, haven't you gone
on a date yet? And then...
What are you thinking? Pervert!
Hey. It's between you and your
teacher. Tell me something...
...or I'll tell your mom
you're messing around with a girl.
Messing around with a girl?
Let me tell you, if you get close
to my mom again, I'll kill you.
There you are, Murai.
So what's your answer?
Do you think you could like her?
Are you still thinking?
You're such an indecisive guy!
Why can't you tell me her name?
Without her name,
how can I give you an answer?
Isn't that reasonable?
It's because she'll be hurt
if she's rejected...
... if you like someone else. Right?
All the girls are like that.
No confidence
towards boys they like.
But I'm sure you'll like her. So?
That's enough, Kujirakawa.
Fuyumi Kujirakawa.
It's cool that someone
named "F" likes me...
... but I already like someone else.
I think I like Akane Fujita.
Oh, I see. Is that right?
That's cool for both of you, then.
What do you mean?
I told you before.
I was just asked to help her.
Don't get me wrong.
So, that "F" is Akane?!
No way!
How could I believe...
...that one of the most popular girls
in the school...
...confessed her love
to someone like me with a letter.
But that was her.
Am I dreaming or what?
No, it's not a dream!
It's true that she likes me!
Man. That's so cool.
That's it. Murai likes Akane, too.
- Kujirakawa?
- What?
I'll tell her now face to face.
Could you tell her I want
to meet her at the boat launch...
... in Inogashira Park at 4 o'clock?
Okay. I'll tell her.
All right.
Kujirakawa?
How did you find out I was here?
Because...you're always here...
...when you're thinking
about something.
Oh, yeah?
Anyway, I'm counting on you,
Kujirakawa.
Yeah!
I see. They liked each other.
I'm so stupid.
What? Murai?
He wants to tell you how he feels.
I'm sure everything will go well.
Good for you!
I guess...
What's going on?
Oh, nothing.
I told you. Don't call me anymore.
Have fun with your new girlfriend.
I'm going on a date now. Bye!
Who is it?
That's my ex, Hide.
He still calls me
even though we broke up.
You really broke up with him,
didn't you?
He had another girlfriend
while he was dating me.
I was so mad.
Kuji, will you listen to me? He...
Why do you care about the guy
you've already broken up with?
You like Murai now, right?
I mean...
Akane!
Finally the time has come.
It's time to end my 15-year history
without a girlfriend.
Stop it! Leave me alone!
I don't like it!
That guy..!
What are you doing?
Leave her alone!
What? Who is he?
He's Murai, the one
I was talking about.
The date you're talking about
is this geek?
You've got to be kidding!
What did you say?
Don't start, Murai.
Hide was a boxer in high school.
So what?
That was a warning.
You can't handle this spacey
and selfish chick.
I'm not like that.
I don't know who you are...
...but I can't stand anyone
who insults her.
Back off, kid!
Shoot! We lost him.
- Hey. That's...
- What?
Could it be...
Kujirakawa?
What is she doing?
Hide, you're brutal!
- It's your fault!
- Me?
You didn't listen to me.
You misunderstood me
and told me you wanted to break up.
So...
Yes, you did.
I never went out
with another chick, silly!
Really? You mean that?
Hideeeeee!
Akane...
Murai!
Akane, what's going on?
Who's this tall girl?
This must be your ex!
It's not his fault. I was stupid.
I... I... I love Hide, no matter what!
That's enough. Let's go.
Hey, Akane!
I thought it was too good
to be true that Akane liked me...
But I got so excited.
What a fool I am!
I'm so sorry. I didn't know
what was going on.
You don't need to apologize.
It doesn't matter now.
Are you okay?
Leave me alone.
I said leave me alone!
That's not like you.
Shut up! You don't know how I feel.
It's none of your business.
You're too nosy!
Sorry...
Wait, Murai. Don't be foolish
just because you lost a girl.
Let me go!
First of all, you can't kill yourself
by jumping into a pond.
Idiot! I'm not gonna kill myself
until I kill that jerk.
Oh, no! Onizuka and Murai's mom.
People would think
we make a lovely couple.
I've always wanted to ride a boat
like this at least once.
When I was young,
I thought it was stupid.
You are still quite young, Julia.
Here you go.
There. You sound
like a high school girl.
That jerk..!
Murai!
Were you scared?
Kunio?!
Teacher! Kunio is..!
He can't swim!
No problem.
Hold my hand!!
Here.
It's all right now!
Don't worry, Murai!
I know you did it on purpose.
Go on. If this helps you...
...hit me
until your broken heart is mended.
I'm here for you, as your teacher.
Onizuka's cool sometimes.
But somehow he looks too happy.
So glad he didn't make it before me.
Why are you grinning?
I'm gonna beat you like this.
My son will be fine.
Broken hearts make
both men and women stronger.
Then I must be pretty strong
as well...
I'm sure.
Damn, how do you like this?
Oh, yeah. Give me more!
You're like an octopus! Ouch!
How are you doing, Kunio?
Take that girl home.
What? What girl?
Taking a girl home is a boy's duty.
That's why you lost
the game of love.
Kujirakawa...
Fuyumi Kujirakawa...
Why did you go down there?
Doesn't matter.
How did you find out I was here?
Because...you're always here...
...when you're thinking
about something.
Always...about me...
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
What? Fuyutsuki ran away?
Where? Where? Where?
HAKUBA STATION
Where are you? It's my fault!
Please come back, Fuyutsuki!
What does being a teacher mean?